Okey, dokey.
Why have objects, why not just have variables?
Let me quickly show you, you should say why objects?
Let's assume we have a motorbike.
It's blue, it's on two wheels and it's a Yamaha.
We can represent this in an object way, object oriented.
Or we can just use variables, sure, you.
Lead bike make equals.
Yemen.
It black color equals blue and the black wheels to.
So this is possible, we can do this.
But now you've got to start thinking in the future, how do we attach all these to one specific user
and then the user wants to change just one of these?
It's going to become very cumbersome, which is where objects come into the picture.
This is variables.
Now we can use.
Objects.
Linked to do with an object.
This use the curly braces, we've actually created an object right now, even though nothing's in it,
and I'll prove it to you if we just console.log back out.
You can see it's an empty object and we can go top of this just console type of like you can see like,
is an object.
How cool this is, it's create one right again.
So say.
Make.
Is Yamaha?
The.
Wheels.
To.
This is an object you can really start feeling and getting a sense as to how much easier it is to work
with objects, and it is variables, but they are kind of similar variables.
We have name value pays as well, like make value by color value, flywheels value.
Same with objects, name value, name value.
So they are very closely related, but it is just much easier working with an object than it is a variable,
as you can see in this example.
But before we get into even more detail, let's continue this to other points we need to discuss.